angular-tour-of-heroes/README.md, before:

# AngularTourOfHeroes

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.1.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Documentation

To generate a documentation with compodoc, run following command: `npm run documentation`.
To see the documentation served by compodoc, run following command: `npm run compodoc`.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Theming the app
- Added angular/material to the project
- Added themes to the project
- Changed components to MD-components

Resolve pull-request-answer

- Removed '@ignore'
- Removed unnecessary lines
- Removed style-tags from html-sheets

Connecting the client to the server

- Removed socket.io from server, because it crashed the server.
- Setup a websocket-connection from client to server and hold an observable for it.
- Initialize change-events so the related components will update themselves immediately after getting update-message.

Theming the app

- Added angular/material to the project
- Added themes to the project
- Changed components to MD-components

Updated the routes-configuration

No error should occur.

angular-tour-of-heroes/README.md, after:

# AngularTourOfHeroes

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.1.0.

Download this project and run `npm install` to ensure that all necessary packages and related components are installed.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Documentation

To generate a documentation with compodoc, run following command: `npm run documentation`.
To see the documentation served by compodoc, run following command: `npm run compodoc`.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
